hi everybody I do some Bob nice product
this is my Chris flashlight all right
has a glow in the dark but the front has
a protuberance so you can defend
yourself with this stuff I want to
compare and the beam of this flashlight
this is supposed to have a 800 lumens
and this is a just about regular
flashlight one that you can buy and you
know on eBay for 10 dollars or so the
Cree flashlight it's an awesome product
and I want to compare the beams on it
I'm going to turn off the light and the
first light you're going to see is going
to be the standard flashlight we can buy
in gun shows for five dollars I think so
and the second one on the side will be
the queen flashlight okay
it's an ice beam okay now on the side
see that I'm going to turn off the first
one and this is the beam of the Cree
again I'm going to turn off and put the
first one which is not bad turn out this
one turn on that one and there's three
modes of operation okay a little not so
strong and the strobe and back to the
normal one what's interesting is turning
on lights again is the strobe mode is
known to have a person blinded for you
know 30 seconds if you just put like
three or four seconds on the you know in
the people's faces so sorry sometimes I
just get caught up trying to find words
but you could blind a person for you
know momentarily yeah because of this
stuff so there you have it the Queen
flashlights 800 lumens please leave your
comment if you have any experience with
this one this is the first time I've
ever had or I ever ordered a project of
this line I'm very happy with that
there's a belt clip pop about clip what
you can use in your pocket again thank
you for watching see you next time